extend the web-dev RSE to include security considerations (#307)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: competencies.md

Ideally, this RSE should also have knowledge about (web) accessibility to allow a broad
range of researchers or even the public to use the resulting applications.
Therefore, a deep knowledge of web development skills is a required additional skill for this RSE.

> Since a lot of web services for research may be accessible to a large audience or even to the public worldwide, this RSE is also familiar with possible cybersecurity threads and their mitigation, and is able to not only balance security decisions with other factors like usability, but can also effectively communicate those decisions to stakeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since a lot of web services for research may be accessible to a large audience or even to the public, this RSE is also familiar with aspects relating to security, usability and accessibility. Not only do they need to balance these concerns, but they also need to efficiently communicate the decisions made to stakeholders.
```

I don't like the term _cyber_, it reminds me of a really annoying ad campaign the British Gov ran a few years ago. Feel free to add it again if you like it. However, I think it is not only security stuff those RSE need to know, but also usability and accessibility and local legislation that goes with it.
